Question 1:
The observations I collected with HM Online were less in depth than the ones I collected at school. The users I witnessed online were mostly my classmates, while on campus it ranged anywhere from students, to teachers, to maintenance staff to security personnel. I think I liked collecting observations in person much more because I was exposed to a variety of different people, instead of just my classmates. I witnessed a lot of interactions between students and their environment particularly during frees. I observed a lot of confusion and overall uncertainty about their time. These interactions raised questions about many different ideas, including food, walking direction or even scheduling. In terms of context, I think the environment adds to many of these differences in interactions. Since observations mainly happened the week back from going online, students were definitely acting more careful around one another and more cautious than usual. This may have been a result of having a few positive cases of COVID before quarantine, or even just coming back to a “new” environment. Either way, the broader context of the situation left its mark on my observations. 


Question 2:
I made many observations when HM went online. I think the most quintessential observation I made was students having difficulties with their online schedule, or adapting to their “environment”. To decrease Zoom burnout, the school provided the student body with an in-depth schedule defining when their classes will meet based on the amount of credit they give (half or full credit classes), as well as what days (odd or even) they usually meet. With so many factors to consider, many students were quite confused by their class times. It became such a significant issue that students were missing many important classes simply because they didn’t know it met that day. This was one of my biggest observations since it was a very clear issue that stood out to me. 
When HM came back in person, I was much more aware of concerns since I had practiced making observations online. I noticed a large buildup in the tent usage when we came back. I observed this might have been because people want to spend more time outside and enjoy the last few weeks we have on campus before we go online. Since we had been online for two weeks, students are probably trying to make the most of the time we do have left. In this case the “users” were interacting with the “objects” or, the tents. 
In terms of finding food later in the day, I noticed a lot of uncertainty when figuring out where certain food was located in the “environment”. The “interactions” between the users and “activities” were definitely confusing. Many of my friends would be walking around campus to find a certain dish they want. Sometimes, the food would have run out. Also relating to lunch, I noticed a large amount of food wastage and plastic, or “objects” being used. Since the food is packaged in individual containers, the trash from this packaging builds up significantly. 
When walking in the hallways I observed many people not completely following the arrows, or interacting with their environment the way in which it was intended. This can make walking during passing periods especially difficult since everyone is walking on different sides of the hallway. Arrows/dots on lines for food are also not normally followed. This leads to minimal social distancing and especially now, can lead to harmful effects.
Overall, I found many more observations at school rather than with HM Online. Since we had practice with going online in the Spring we had a chance to mitigate issues. But, with being fully in person, we haven’t gotten to the point where we can troubleshoot issues leading to more problems than normal. 


Question 3:
For the majority of observations I made at school, I worked with Juliette Shang. The most useful observation technique was walking around school because we got to fully immerse ourselves in the environment we were studying. As for methods, we tried to walk around the entire campus to see a variety of different problems/interactions. I think one disadvantage was that this time was during H period which is usually particularly quiet on campus. If we had the opportunity to take observations during a lunch period, we might have been able to make more observations. As for HM Online, our observations were limited to the classes we took part in, so I didn’t know whether the observation was universal among all classes/students. During this lab, I learned that observations don’t have to be limited to just “problems” or how to solve them, they can be truly anything you observe. I often found myself writing down things I had a solution too, but I soon learned that observations can take many forms. Overall, I thought it was really interesting to juxtapose the observations with HM online and regular school. 
